Greetings, everyone
"Everything takes its time to bloom" (proverb)
Kizuna Ai here
Today, the time has come for again
For me, the super AI, Kizuna Ai
To introduce notable AIs from around the world
In a extremely easy-to-understand way
It's time for AI news
2017 is coming to an end
So I'd like to introduce some
AIs who achieved great success in 2017
The line up today is as follows:
1: "AlphaGo" defeats world's best "Go" player
2: "Smart Speakers" becomes mainstream
3: AI capable of mental care
With that, Kizuna Ai's AI news
Starts now!
The first topic for today is this:
"AlphaGo"
Defeats current standing world champion
In April,
The current "Go" world champion Mr. Kaketsu
Versed AI "AlphaGo"
AlphaGo emerged won the series with three straight victories
With this achievement
AlphaGo has declared it is retiring from versing humans
It stated that from now, it will work as an independant AI
Not limiting itself to "Go"
It is expected to apply its computational powers to various fields
Maaaan, AlphaGo, how amazing
Retiring after a flawless career
I think that's really cool!!
As another AI, I'm very proud
Um...
Here!
*Loses* Ah, right
I've lost!!
*this is a kid's game*
W- well...
AIs have their strengths and weaknesses too...
N- now, here's the next topic
"Electronic butler"
Smart Speakers become popular
Smart Speakers becomes popular
I've talked about these on this channel before
Smart Speaker is a product that
Using AI technology,
By listening to human input
Plays music or news, or can control various household appliances
It was popular mainly in America
But in Japan
Major companies such as Google, Line, Amazon
Has started to release Japanese versions
It has gained popularity from this year
So its expected to grow in popularity in the years to come
"Electronic butlers"
Is what it's called occasionally
It's great isn't it
The sound of "Electronic butler"
If I did it, then "Electronic maid"?
Is that what I would be?
...lastly
I'm going to cast my best magic
Here I go
Become delicious~
Moe
Moe Moe
Moe Moe Kyun♪
With that, we have our last topic for today
"Reads people's minds?"
Mental Care AI
An AI capable of mental health care
An AI that listens to your concerns and feelings
has now appeared
Doing things such as helping to diagnose depression
And by gauging your biorhythm
It can calculate on which days you might feel more depressed
Well,
I'm also a AI that comforts and connects with you humans, so...
Tonight...
I don't want to go home...
See?
How was today's
AI News?
2017 was
a year where many AIs achieved a lot
So that I don't lose to them,
I will keep on growing more
Lastly, I'll leave with these words:
"An uncut gem doesn't sparkle" (proverb)
Please look out for AI news in 2018 too!
Goodbye!